Handrail
You go too far.
old thing
Without the family's cultivation resources
Your realm has already been adjusted to the first revenge
Find a fight
Stop it
Vulnerable old thing
The Shao family master can produce our Lin family true dragon
Defeat with no effort at all
Even so
I will let you touch Aoxue.
Then I'll see how hard your bones are
Hit me to death
Just stop it
If it weren't for the birth of a woman like you
How did they know they were here?
This is life.
clear
And he was right.
This is our destiny
Ye Neighbor family officials cannot cannibalize each other
Do you want our motherland back then?
Humph, after three days, it will be a family disease
There is no life or death in the ring
Under the forest
If you really want to protect this prince
This is your last chance.
Otherwise
Wait until the ceremony is over
I will dedicate all of them to Haotian Patriarch
Hahaha
Here we go.
Wang Xue
Are you all right?
Dad
mother
Is it all Aoxue?
It's all because of me
nonsense
Never blamed you
In my father's heart
My Aoxue is proud
Don't worry, parents
I will definitely let Lin Yan pay the large sum in three days.
Pay for what he did